Be careful. He's strong.
Got it.
Wh-What's going on? It's still so early.
He doesn't seem to be here.
There's so much crap, it's hard to tell.
Throw it all out.
What the hell are they doing?
He escaped.
What?
Gardar escaped.
What other reason would
they have to search our shed?
Arnheid!
Great Purpose
Wait, Einar!
Stop, Einar!
If Gardar escaped,
he'll look for Arnheid again.
What will you accomplish by going to Arnheid?
Will you drive back Gardar?
I don't know, but...
There must be something I can do for Arnheid.
Arnheid!
It's not him.
It's not Gardar. Just two slaves.
What are their names again?
You mean the master's slaves.
Thorfinn and Einar, huh?
Yeah, those guys.
What are they doing here?
What should we do, boss?
Should we chase them off?
No, leave them alone.
Let them do what they want.
Um, Arnheid...
Yes. You're here about Gardar.
You know?
Yes.
I helped him escape.
I cut the ropes binding him.
Gardar, he... the man watching him....
I thought we'd both be killed, so I...
Then Gardar killed all the other guests
who came to see what was happening.
More dead guests...
The situation couldn't be worse.
Einar...
We're being watched by guests.
Kneel next to Arnheid and
pretend to wash dishes.
Stay calm, and tell us what's happening.
Gardar was badly injured in the f-fight.
We fled here in the rain,
to the old master's house.
But Gardar lost consciousness
while I was tending his wounds.
He was too heavy to carry.
I was barely able to hide him.
So Gardar is here.
Yes. The old master helped me.
Snake and his men arrived soon after.
They seem to think Gardar fled
and is hiding somewhere.
They're waiting for Gardar
to come for me at the house.
Mister Snake and two other men are inside.
Why... Why would you do something
so reckless by yourself?
And after you said we'd wait out the storm
for the sake of the child inside you.
Why?
Perhaps...
Perhaps I was dreaming.
Dreaming of a life as part of a family
with Gardar and the child inside me.
I thought that perhaps he had returned...
I thought he'd returned.
Those eyes that used to be
so full of confidence...
They looked so miserable.
We've lived so miserably
since we lost Hjalti.
But I still dream...
How are Gardar's injuries?
Has the bleeding stopped?
He was bleeding badly
from the right side of his chest.
He was still bleeding when I hid him.
Every moment counts.
Arnheid...
Are you prepared to cast your lot with Gardar?
If you want to live with Gardar,
then you'll have to flee together.
But you're pregnant.
The road ahead will be difficult.
But if you still want to try,
then I will help you.
It's the only option left.
The only option, huh?
I'll help, too.
Together, we may be able to do something.
Thorfinn...
Ow! What—
Don't sleep.
If you take your eyes off Arnheid again,
I'll break your nose.
Y-Yes, boss. Sorry.
Who's there?
I'd like to begin preparing lunch.
Take the tools you need and cook in the yard.
You're the bait.
Stay where you'll be seen.
Very well. I understand.
What a pitiful bunch.
Right, Snake?
They say inferior people
can't help but become slaves.
That it's where they belong.
But I don't think so.
Slaves were just unlucky. That's all.
If you and I had been unlucky,
we might've ended up as slaves, too.
So what? That's got nothing to do with this.
He killed five of my men.
I won't be satisfied until he's dead.
I can't walk around wearing this sword
when I'm crying myself to sleep
over my unavenged men.
Then throw away your sword.
Even I can tell that sword
isn't from around here.
There was a reason you ended up here.
But I doubt throwing away your sword
would allow you to escape whatever it was.
Enough talking, Gramps.
It's time for your nap.
You can have my farm.
Work the land. Produce life.
That's better than swinging around a sword.
I can no longer stand and walk.
Soon I will die.
It's a good opportunity for you
to straighten out your life.
I owe you for reading the Bible to me.
Don't talk about that nonsense now.
I'm not doing no stinking field work.
Boss.
Huh?
There's someone out there.
Over there. Third tree from the back.
That's probably him in its shadow.
All right.
They're coming out.
One, two, three...
That's all of them.
I'm counting on you, Einar.
Spread out.
We'll follow him from different
positions and vantages.
Sir, I'm sorry, but I need to
borrow your horse and cart.
I promise I'll pay you back
by working for you.
Don't worry about that.
More importantly, load me into the cart.
If I'm there, we'll be able to travel
around the farm unquestioned.
But we can't involve you in this...
I'm already involved.
Now quit arguing and help me.
Y-Yes, sir. Thank you.
Damn that Gardar...
He's trying to flee into the woods.
We won't be able to use
the horses in the woods.
Catch him. Don't let him enter the woods.
Damn it! It's so far away...
He's alive. His wounds were treated well.
But he's as cold as a stone.
He lost too much blood.
Please hang in there.
He's fast.
A gravely injured man
could never run that fast.
Spider! Badger!
Stay on him.
Don't force a confrontation.
If that's Gardar, you won't
stand a chance against him.
I'll send reinforcements later.
Keep following him until then.
You got that?
I'm counting on you guys.
What? Wait, where are you going, boss?
The cart is ready.
We'll hurry toward the border to the south.
Once you're out of the country, it'll be
difficult for the guests to pursue you.
I'll leave you partway to distract them.
I'll draw as many pursuers to me as I can.
Sir, could you accompany them
to the edge of the farm?
Got it.
I didn't hear horses.
Did he dismount and run here?
I see.
So he's unconscious.
No wonder I couldn't sense him.
Thorfinn...
Just so you know, Thorfinn,
I'm not here to negotiate.
Hand over Gardar.
Otherwise,
I'll kill you.
There were three pursuers.
But only Snake is here.
I don't sense the others.
If I can subdue him somehow,
we can still escape.
I'll slip past his sword and
deal a single blow to his chin.
You gonna fight him, Thorfinn?
Good grief. I guess
you can't help it this time.
You're helping someone.
You've got a good reason to raise your fists.
But, you know,
I'm sure he's got a good reason, too.
What will you do, Thorfinn?
Will you remain a pacifist, or will you
fight him in order to help someone else?
Which road leads to becoming a true warrior?
There's no time to think about it.
Look. He's right in front of you.
Do you think you can beat him
while you're still half-asleep?
That's an odd stance.
Not right for a spear or an ax...
A sword?
No...
The Road Home
"The Road Home."